plunder the treasure trove and divide the loot
found the treasure trove
Oh, gods, it.s a treasure trove
What is that glitter ahead. Is it treasure.
a sparkling glow on the piles of treasure they just found
it.s a treasure trove!
rainbow ends
Whoa! Treasure!
body surf down the mountain of treasure, giggling
with joy as the team makes its way into the treasure
throw themselves onto the pile of treasure
cannon showers .+ with glitter as they enter the treasure
an avalanche of gold sweeps the cheering party off their feet
a great amount of treasure falls in front of them
falls apart, sending .+ head first into mountains of gold
Hey, someone left a hefty treasure unattended!
delight at the glorious sight of treasure, .+ gleefully
windows and warm rays of sunshine filtering down to a fixed point
use them as stepping stones and gleefully fall on the treasure
show up to congratulate the .* for finding the treasure
treasury door off its hinges, the .* immediately tumble over the gold
congratulatory banner fall from the ceiling, along with loot galore
begin to plunder the treasury.
unanimously wish for more wealth
treasure has been here for a long time
a huge pile of treasure for the heroes to dive in
all useless without a key from the nook
team of cheerleaders cartwheel across heaps of gold and spell
the giant wheel in this room and wins the grand prize. Treasure
prove that some monster.s trash is another hero.s treasure
Treasure room! Raucous laughter and tears of joy
but the .+ (go|went) for the gold and artifacts anyway
Money does grow on trees here
except it.s much more treasure-filled
giant golden egg in this room, allowing riches to spill out
Diving into piles of gemstones
about a horrible curse, .+ rushes to plunder the treasure
they only find huge piles of treasure
enter it without a key from the nook
but at least the treasure is right here
the party has found the treasure room
shield their eyes from the dazzling glow of gold
lights a torch only to discover a secret treasure trove
panel opens, revealing a treasure
discover a treasure trove. What luck
treasure is literally all around them
